https://issues.redhat.com/browse/ACM-9061 Removing deprecation label and entry for Gatekeeper Operator (#6029)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: clusters/install_upgrade/install_disconnected.adoc

> - Container Security Operator policy: The images are located in the source `registry.redhat.io/quay`.

Author: ```suggestion
- Container Security Operator policy: Locate the images in the `registry.redhat.io/quay` source.
```

> - Compliance Operator policy: The images are located in the source `registry.redhat.io/compliance`

Reviewer: Optional: make more user focused

Compliance Operator policy: Locate the images in the source...

Passive voice reads well here, so agian, totally optional :)

> - Compliance Operator policy: The images are located in the source `registry.redhat.io/compliance`

Author: ```suggestion
- Compliance Operator policy: Locate the images in the `registry.redhat.io/compliance` source.
```

> - Gatekeeper Operator policy: The images are located in the source `registry.redhat.io/rhacm2`

Reviewer 2: The latest version is separate from ACM now.
```suggestion
- Gatekeeper Operator policy: The images are located in the source `registry.redhat.io/gatekeeper`
```

Author: Thanks Matt!

> - Gatekeeper Operator policy: The images are located in the source `registry.redhat.io/gatekeeper`

Reviewer: Optional: make more user focused

Gatekeeper Operator policy: Locate the images in the source...

Passive voice reads well here, so agian, totally optional :)

> - Gatekeeper Operator policy: The images are located in the source `registry.redhat.io/gatekeeper`

Author: ```suggestion
- Gatekeeper Operator policy: Locate the images in the `registry.redhat.io/gatekeeper` source.
```
